OSDOCS-16939: DITA callouts — OLM catalogsource and deprecations (#115283)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-catalogsource.adoc

    nodeSelector:
      custom_label: <label>
    priorityClassName: system-cluster-critical
    tolerations:
      - key: "key1"
        operator: "Equal"
        value: "value1"
        effect: "NoSchedule"
  updateStrategy:
    registryPoll:
      interval: 30m0s
status:
  connectionState:
    address: example-catalog.{global_ns}.svc:50051
    lastConnect: 2021-08-26T18:14:31Z
    lastObservedState: READY
  latestImageRegistryPoll: 2021-08-26T18:46:25Z
  registryService:
    createdAt: 2021-08-26T16:16:37Z
    port: 50051
    protocol: grpc
    serviceName: example-catalog
    serviceNamespace: {global_ns}
----
+
where:

`metadata.name`:: Specifies the name for the `CatalogSource` object. This value is also used as part of the name for the related pod that is created in the requested namespace.
`metadata.namespace`:: Specifies the namespace to create the catalog in. To make the catalog available cluster-wide in all namespaces, set this value to `{global_ns}`. The default Red Hat-provided catalog sources also use the `{global_ns}` namespace. Otherwise, set the value to a specific namespace to make the Operator only available in that namespace.

> `metadata.annotations.olm.catalogImageTemplate`:: Specifies that to avoid cluster upgrades potentially leaving Operator installations in an unsupported state or without a continued update path, you can enable automatically changing your Operator catalog's index image version as part of cluster upgrades. This field is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`metadata.annotations.olm.catalogImageTemplate`:: To avoid cluster upgrades potentially leaving Operator installations in an unsupported state or without a continued update path, you can enable automatically changing your Operator catalog's index image version as part of cluster upgrades. This field is optional.
```

+
Set the `olm.catalogImageTemplate` annotation to your index image name and use one or more of the Kubernetes cluster version variables as shown when constructing the template for the image tag. The annotation overwrites the `spec.image` field at run time. See the "Image template for custom catalog sources" section for more details.
`spec.displayName`:: Specifies the display name for the catalog in the web console and CLI.

> `spec.image`:: Specifies the index image for the catalog. Optionally, can be omitted when using the `olm.catalogImageTemplate` annotation, which sets the pull spec at run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.image`:: Specifies the index image for the catalog. Optionally, this spec can be omitted when using the `olm.catalogImageTemplate` annotation, which sets the pull spec at run time.
```

`spec.priority`:: Specifies the weight for the catalog source. OLM uses the weight for prioritization during dependency resolution. A higher weight indicates the catalog is preferred over lower-weighted catalogs.
`spec.sourceType`:: Specifies one of the following source types:
+
--
* `grpc` with an `image` reference: OLM pulls the image and runs the pod, which is expected to serve a compliant API.
* `grpc` with an `address` field: OLM attempts to contact the gRPC API at the given address. This should not be used in most cases.
* `configmap`: OLM parses config map data and runs a pod that can serve the gRPC API over it.
--

> `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig`:: Specifies the value of `legacy` or `restricted`. If the field is not set, the default value is `legacy`. In a future {product-title} release, it is planned that the default value will be `restricted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig`:: Specifies the pod security admissions (PSA) policy for the catalog source pod. It accepts the values of `legacy` or `restricted`. If the field is not set, the default value is `legacy`. In a future {product-title} release, it is planned that the default value will be `restricted`.
```

+
--
[NOTE]
====
If your catalog cannot run with `restricted` permissions, it is recommended that you manually set this field to `legacy`.
====
--

> `spec.grpcPodConfig.nodeSelector`:: Specifies that for `grpc` type catalog sources, it overrides the default node selector for the pod serving the content in `spec.image`, if defined. This field is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.grpcPodConfig.nodeSelector`:: Overrides the default node selector for the pod serving the content in `spec.image` for `grpc` type catalog sources. This field is optional.
```

> `spec.grpcPodConfig.priorityClassName`:: Specifies that for `grpc` type catalog sources, it overrides the default priority class name for the pod serving the content in `spec.image`, if defined. Kubernetes provides `system-cluster-critical` and `system-node-critical` priority classes by default. Setting the field to empty (`""`) assigns the pod the default priority. Other priority classes can be defined manually. This field is optional.
> `spec.grpcPodConfig.tolerations`:: Specifies that for `grpc` type catalog sources, it overrides the default tolerations for the pod serving the content in `spec.image`, if defined. This field is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.grpcPodConfig.priorityClassName`:: Overrides the default priority class name for the pod serving the content in `spec.image` for `grpc` type catalog sources. Kubernetes provides `system-cluster-critical` and `system-node-critical` priority classes by default. Setting the field to empty (`""`) assigns the pod the default priority. Other priority classes can be defined manually. This field is optional.
`spec.grpcPodConfig.tolerations`:: Overrides the default tolerations for the pod serving the content in `spec.image` for `grpc` type catalog sources. This field is optional.
```

> `spec.updateStrategy.registryPoll`:: Specifies that new versions are automatically checked at a given interval to stay up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.updateStrategy.registryPoll`:: Specifies how often OLM polls the container registry for updates.
```

> `status.connectionState.lastObservedState`:: Specifies the last observed state of the catalog connection. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`status.connectionState.lastObservedState`:: Displays the last observed state of the catalog connection. For example:
```

--
+
See link:https://grpc.github.io/grpc/core/md_doc_connectivity-semantics-and-api.html[States of Connectivity] in the gRPC documentation for more details.

> `status.latestImageRegistryPoll`:: Specifies the latest time the container registry storing the catalog image was polled to ensure the image is up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`status.latestImageRegistryPoll`:: Displays the last time OLM polled the container registry for catalog image updates.
```

> `status.registryService`:: Specifies status information for the catalog's Operator Registry service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`status.registryService`:: Displays status information for the catalog's Operator Registry service.
```
